hi guys we just got these brand new
limited edition Gears of War 3 microsoft
wireless controller I just want to show
you guys to unboxing of it we just got
200 of them from Microsoft while we ship
the controller so we'll ship all these
is our a modded controller with the LED
of your choice only thing we do not ship
is this plastic box because the weight
and the size of it the controller looks
very nice has a transforming d-pad just
like the silver controller you can twist
of the d-pad raise it make it flat or
you want to raise the d-pad make a look
like a cross
come with all the usual instructions has
a two-day Xbox Live pass also has
in-game skiing that you can download
with the weapon skins that two weapon
skins you can't unknow it's very nice